Update Bitbucket Server webhooks plugin details (#639)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/vcs/bitbucket-server.html.md

1. Open your Bitbucket server instance in your browser and log in as an admin user.
2. Go to the "Manage add-ons" page. You can click the gear icon in the upper right corner and then use the "Manage add-ons" link in the sidebar, or go directly to `https://<BITBUCKET INSTANCE HOSTNAME>/plugins/servlet/upm`.
3. Look for an add-on named "Web Post Hooks for Bitbucket Server", and make sure it is installed and enabled. The plugin is disabled by default. Clicking `Enabled` will toggle the plugin on.
4. If the plugin isn't present, click "Find new add-ons" in the sidebar navigation. Search for the plugin by name and install it.

    Make sure to install the correct plugin. TFE is designed to work with [Web Post Hooks for Bitbucket Server by Atlassian ](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1211539/web-post-hooks-for-bitbucket-server?hosting=server&tab=overview).

>     ![Atlassian Marketplace screenshot: The Atlassian Labs Bitbucket Server Web Post Hooks Plugin](./images/bitbucket-server-webhooks-plugin.png)

Reviewer: Should also update this image alt text, for vision-impaired users! 

```suggestion
    ![Atlassian Marketplace screenshot: the Web Post Hooks for Bitbucket Server plugin, published by Atlassian](./images/bitbucket-server-webhooks-plugin.png)
```
